[DOCS-14693] Clarify SLO permissions for automatically generated test suite SLOs (#37604)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/test_suites/_index.md

When you create a test suite, Datadog automatically generates a service level objective (SLO) for it, with no configuration required. By default, the SLO uses a 7-day rolling window with a 99.9% target.

> <div class="alert alert-info">Test suite permissions (view and edit) apply to the suite itself and are independent of the auto-generated SLO's permissions. Access to the SLO is governed by the user's <a href="/service_level_objectives/#permissions">SLO product permissions</a>. A user without test suite modification rights can still edit the auto-generated SLO if they have SLO edit permissions.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Test suite permissions (view and edit) apply to the suite itself and are independent of the auto-generated SLO's permissions. Access to the SLO is determined by the user's <a href="/service_level_objectives/#permissions">SLO product permissions</a>. A user without test suite edit permissions can still edit the auto-generated SLO if they have SLO edit permissions.</div>
```

Reviewer: Minor suggestion for consistency — this is the only usage of "rights" on the page.
